[Nagi] Whacha looking
at, Big Brother?
[Yamato] Hm?
[Nagi] Land?!
[Nagi] Oh, I bet
you're going with Mei!
I wanna go with you!
No. This is going to be a
special day for me and Mei.
What? You greedy butt.
[Asami] You hadn't
told anyone yet?
When Takeshi and I started
seeing each other,
we went around telling
everybody that we knew.
It's kind of embarrassing.
And I'm sure no one's
interested in me, anyway.
Uh-uh huh, there are all kinds
of people who wanna know
about you and Yamato-kun.
Oh, hi Kai-kun.
Ladies.
S'up?
Sounds like you're having fun.
What are you talking about?
Kai-kun, would you tell people
about it or keep it quiet?
Tell 'em what?
About love.
Mei-chan says she hasn't said
anything even though she's
going out with Yamato.
[Mei] Asami-san!
[Kai] Okay, then.
Do you go to Land with your
friends or on a date?
What does this have
to do with Land?
Everyone goes to Land!
So, which is it?
I think I prefer going
with my friends.
What about you, Mei-chan?
Uh... Either's fine...
You have to choose one.
I can totally see you going
on a date there with Yamato.
Um... I guess so.
Going with your friends
is a lot of fun,
but it's fun in a different
way when you're on a date.
Land works on all
kinds of levels!
[Megumi] Kai-kun!
[Kai] Huh?
Kitagawa...
[Girl 1] Megumi-senpai!
We always read your magazines.
The other day we read in an
interview that you said in a
magazine that you
love Land, so...
Please accept this package!
It's so cute. Are you sure?
[Girl 1] Yes, of course!
[Megumi] Thank you.
You're lucky, Kitagawa...
All you have to do
is say you like Land,
and your fangirls come
flying out of the lockers
with gift baskets.
You can have it, if you like.
Huh? Are you sure?
Yeah.
Seriously?
Yeah, sure you can.
Yeah! All right!
Wait a minute!
What the-?!
[Kai] Wasn't this
a present for you?
You should be thinking
about how those girls feel.
[Megumi] Oh, come on,
Takemura-kun.
[Megumi] It's not
like I wanted it.
[Kai] What?
I'd rather give it to
someone who's going to
use the doggone thing anyway.
Besides, it's not like I'm
going to spend an afternoon
running around Land anyway.
[Kai] Why would you
lie about liking it?
Okay. You can have
these instead.
Day passes. My agent
got them for me.
Seriously? But these
are really expensive!
[Megumi] It's fine.
[Kai] I can't take these
from you! I'll pay you.
What part of "they're free"
aren't you getting?
Wha-?! Come on!
Aah.... Ah!
Look, Takemura, I heard you
and Yamato are friends.
I thought maybe if I
did something nice for
you, Yamato might...
Ah, jeez. Just drop it.
"Something nice"? What
do you mean by that?
[Megumi] Never mind.
I'll do it myself.
[Kai] Huh? Hey, the tickets!
[Megumi] They're yours. Or
throw them away, I don't care.
Asami-chan, let me help you.
Megu-tan.
I'm not just lanky. I'm
pretty strong as well.
Ah! Well, thanks a lot!
I know you and I haven't
talked a lot before today,
but you know, you were the
first friend I made when
I came to school, right?
[Asami] What?
[Megumi] We should really get
to know each other better.
[Megumi & Asami] Excuse us.
[Megumi gasp] I had no idea.
[Asami] I know, right? I didn't
know until I saw it on the web.
Well, it's time for this
girl to go powder her nose.
Right behind you!
[Megumi] Yamato-kun.
[Yamato] Kitagawa.
Uh, do you have a minute?
Hm?
Mei and Kai?
Yesterday, I overheard
them on the roof.
The two of them were talking
excitedly about going
to Land together.
Mei-chan is dating
you, isn't she?
It's kind of strange, but I
don't think Mei going out on
a date with Kai-kun is right.
It can't be. You've
got it wrong.
I'm not so sure.
I mean, I'm sorry.
But I wasn't sure if I
should tell you or not.
I just didn't want
to keep it from you.
I... I think I...
I... I think I like her.
[Megumi humming]
Hey, Megu.
Never mind. It's nothing.
What is it?
Don't make that scary face.
You haven't been
talking a lot lately,
and at other times, you're
really cheerful, like just now.
You seem to be
having mood swings.
[Megumi] Mood swings?
[Momoko] Yeah.
[Momoko] I thought maybe you're
worried about work or something.
Of course not. Momo, you
shouldn't stick your nose
in where it doesn't belong.
[Megumi] It's creepy.
[Momoko] Huh?
[Megumi] Good morning.
Good timing, Megumi.
Let me introduce our
newest face, Izumi-san.
I'm hoping the two of you
will become the corner
stones of our agency.
Oh wow! I'd be honored to!
Nice to meet you.
My name is Izumi.
I'm looking forward
to working with you.
It's nice to meet you, too.
[Izumi] Megumi-san,
you're so cute.
I've always looked up to you!
[Megumi chuckles] What?
Izumi-chan, you're
cuter than me.
I'm absolutely jealous
of your legs.
[Girl] Megumi-chan, you're
always in the back because
you're so tall.
[Boy] You're wrong! She's always
in the back because she's the
ugliest in the class!
Sorry.
[Yamato] Mei...
[Mei] Hm?
[Yamato] Have you... have you
ever had another boyfriend?
I mean steadily.
Have you ever dated anyone else?
[Mei] Uuuh? What? Of course not.
Tell me honestly. Do you
talk about this kind of
thing with any other people?
[Mei] What are you-
[Yamato] You talk about
it with Kai, don't you?
Huh?
[Yamato] It's fine. Forget it.
[Mei] He's mad.
Did I... do something?
[Mei] Aiko-san-
[Asami] Aiko-chan!
Hey.
We were thinking about going
out for tea! Wanna join?
Okay, sure.
Also, Megu-tan here was wanting
to ask you a little question.
Aiko, Asami-chan told me
about all the weight you lost.
That had to be an amazing
diet if it helped you to
get rid of 45 pounds.
[Aiko] Yeah.
[Megumi] Even if it was
for someone you love,
[Megumi] it couldn't
have been easy, right?
Your skin is beautiful, too.
I can tell you
worked really hard.
It's my job to have people
looking at me all the time,
so when I heard about you,
I just said to myself
"That's your example."
Uh... thanks? I think.
Huh? Mei-chan!
Tachibana, come with us.
Ah, c'mon! It'll be fun!
I'm sorry, guys.
But I... I have
something to do...
Tachibana?
Really? Gosh darn it.
Let's try again some
other time, then.
[Mei] Uh, sure.
[Mei] Yanno... I use to be fine
with the idea of being alone.
But now...
I've learned what it's
like to be around people.
I knew it wasn't going
to be easy. Not one bit.
I thought I was ready for it.
I'm scared.
When I think about all the
friends I just made leaving
or turning their backs on me...
It scares me...
[Megumi] Tea's on me, girls.
[Aiko] What?
[Asami] Seriously?!
[Megumi] Someone at my
agency is friends with
the owner of this place.
He's pretty influential.
[Asami] Megu-tan, you know all
kinds of people, don't you?
You're like a celebrity.
Not really, Asami-chan.
[Kai] Mei?
[Mei] Kai-kun.
[Kai] What's wrong?
You don't look
like you're happy.
Are you okay?
Huh? What is it?
Wh-what happened?
Uh, I just...
[Kai] What?!
[Kai] Me?! I-I'm the reason?!
[Mei] No, Kai-kun!
Sorry, I shouldn't have
bothered you with it, okay?
I'll figure it out.
[Kai] What happened?
Uh, nothing really.
Those aren't nothings
rolling down your face.
You don't need to handle this
by yourself, okay, Mei?
You're not helping anything
by keeping it quiet.
No one gonna ask you
what's wrong unless they
really wanna help you.
[Mei] I was just wondering
if it'd be better if I didn't
get involved with
people anymore.
It's like a great big hassle.
[Kai] You know, Mei...
Seems to me you tell people
they should have confidence,
but you don't have
any of your own.
You do things for other people,
but you don't accept
help from anyone else.
[Kai] Are you really
that down on yourself?
[Mei] Uh huh...
Maybe that's also why you're
so direct with people too.
What?
Seriously. Senpai,
it's pretty cool.
You're actually kind of tough.
[Mei] Thank you, Kai-kun.
Mei, if there's someone in your
life you don't want to lose,
you're gonna have to use
some of that forthright
attitude on them.
Just look at the big picture.
All of those things that look
like big problems get really
small in a big hurry.
Stand up, and don't
be afraid anymore.
Get off your butt and
go talk to him, already.
Sure.
[Mei] He's right.
I can't just wait forever.
I have to make my move.
[Mei] Yamato.
[Yamato] Mei.
I was...
just thinking I'd like
to go home together today.
What? Oh, sorry.
I have to stay after
school for a meeting.
[Mei] I'll wait.
I want to go home with you,
so I'll wait until you're done.
Is that alright?
Sure thing. I'll be here.
[Mei] I have... people
who believe in me.
[Mei] Thank you very much.
[Lady] Mei-chan. Mei-chan!
[Mei] Uh, yeah?
Well now, isn't he
here to meet you?
Kai-kun?
[Kai] Are you going somewhere
with Yamato after this?
[Mei] No, we haven't
made any plans.
[Kai] Hmm. Your relationship's
kind of bland, isn't it?
What? you think so?
Okay, I could be
wrong, but I'm not.
If it were me, I'd spend as
much time with her as I could.
Do you have someone like that?
Sure I do. Saw her today.
Huh? Well that's cool.
We're not dating.
I guess you could
say she's my crush.
Thank you, for the
talk the other day.
[Kai] Huh?
[Mei] I'm happy you
were able to talk to me.
I guess I needed a
little reassurance...
[Mei] that it was okay to
be a little more assertive.
[Kai] Mei...
I feel like your words just
scattered away the uneasiness...
and the loneliness I'd been
holding inside myself lately.
I see.
The truth is, I've been
feeling the same way.
Thanks to that girl
I told you about,
I realized that all the angry
feelings I had were wrong.
She... changed me.
[Mei] Wow... That girl...
must really be wonderful.
[Kai] Yeah.
She's wonderful alright.
She's experienced the same
things I've experienced.
She's sweet, but she
also has a boyfriend.
And wouldn't you know it?
He's a really great guy too.
And he's a friend of mine.
You know that girl.
Because it's you, Mei Tachibana.
[Girl 1] You're kidding!
Takemura-kun is that
hot guy, right!?
[Girl 2] I heard they were
holding each other on
the side of the road.
[Girl 3] With Mei Tachibana?
Is she honestly that cute?
[Girl 4] Not really, but
all he had to do was wave
some tickets to Land at her.
[All the girls] What?!
Sorry. I should have
been more considerate.
Oh, it's okay.
[Megumi] Nevermind.
I'll do it myself.
Mei.
[Mei] Yama-
[Yamato] Don't.
[Yamato] I don't understand
what you're doing.
Hey, what are you getting
so mad about, Yamat-
[Yamato] Shut up, Kai.
He invited you to go with him?
I heard you're going
to Land together.
[Mei] What?
[Kai] Hold up.
Mei's been feeling
really lousy lately.
I invited her to go with
me because she needed
some cheering up.
[Yamato] I said shut up.
[Kai] Hey, here's a thought.
[Kai] Why don't you shut up
and listen for a change?
She's beside herself
over you, you jackass.
And you're just thinking
of yourself!
Take your jealous boyfriend
act and shove it.
You're sitting on the sidelines
of your own relationship,
waiting for someone else
to tell you how to think
and feel about it.
The same crap you
pulled in middle school!
I... Jeez, man.
Is that what you
really think of me?
We were friends. But face
it, you weren't exactly
in a rush to get my back.
Maybe all of those social
graces of yours were
just a smokescreen.
Well, buddy. I use to be
jealous of the way you were
all slick with everyone.
But it pisses me off,
and Mei deserves better.
Kai!
I'm not the guy I
used to be, Yamato.
You cross me and I'll do
a lot more than knock you
on your ass next time.
[Yamato] I couldn't help you
then. I was totally pathetic.
I'm glad that you came
back stronger than before.
It's better really. But...
you don't seem happy about it.
I kind of thought it was a good
thing to see you again, Yamato,
but you really haven't
changed at all.
But when I met Mei, I found
someone who had the same
experiences I did.
Because of that, she's
a lot better than you.
She doesn't sidestep her
problems, but you just
keep ignoring them.
I've beaten my demons,
just like her.
[Yamato] So all this is about
being a better guy than I am?
[Kai] What?
I may not be able to understand
everything that hurts Mei,
but at least I'll put
in the work to find out.
Something else... I wanna show
her all the fun things in this
world she hasn't seen yet.
And I want us to grow
and understand each other.
So if you're approaching Mei
because you wanna beat me
and show me how big
you've gotten...
Or if you're just hanging
around her to settle
things between us...
Then this fight isn't over.
I won't let you have her!
Oh, come on! Just say what
you're thinking to her
and get it out in the open.
If you like her, don't make
her wait to hear it from you.
[Yamato] Kai?
I... really do like Mei a lot.
It's okay though, if I
just have her as a friend.
And you...
I did feel inferior to you,
but you know something...
If you weren't there
for me back then,
I wouldn't even be here today.
Sorry I hit you.
Kai...
Mei, I'm sorry.
He was right about me, too.
I really didn't notice it
when you started acting
like you were lonely.
I was causing you to feel
hurt and ignored it without
realizing it myself.
I'm sorry.
Mei...
What do you say we
go to Land together?
Yeah. I want to go with you.
I'm looking forward to it.
So am I.
[Mei] People become stronger and
kinder because of their pain.
I feel like I've been taught
what it truly means to be human.
[Marshmellow] I-I just
became human, too. Meow!
[Mei] "Meow", huh?